HARBORFLOW PORT INTELLIGENCE
TASK 0: BUILD THE PRODUCT SHELL

Business outcome
Give port staff one stable entry point and protect the shift from file and
input failures.

Goal
Create a persistent main menu that dispatches each choice to its own service,
returns after every service, and closes normally only through option 10.

Exact menu
Print this menu every time the main menu is shown:

HARBORFLOW PORT INTELLIGENCE
1. List registered vessels
2. Inspect a vessel manifest
3. Identify priority cargo
4. Export a customer operations profile
5. Find port calls by month
6. Sanitize an incident report
7. Analyze the longest stable event sequence
8. Assess weather risk for upcoming calls
9. Search incident reports
10. Close console
Select service:

Required behavior
- Implement main() with a loop-state variable and a persistent loop.
- Accept integer choices from 1 through 10. Reject non-integer and
  out-of-range input with exactly:
  Error - Select a service from 1 to 10.
- Ask for the choice again after invalid input; do not return to the menu
  until a valid choice has been collected.
- Dispatch options 1-9 to separate service functions. Keep feature logic out
  of the menu branches.
- After each service or recoverable error, return to the menu.
- Do not use exit() or break to stop the console. Option 10 changes the loop
  state so the loop ends and prints exactly once:
  Console closed. HarborFlow operational data remains safe.
- Start the product by calling main() under the __main__ guard.
- Catch FileNotFoundError, json.JSONDecodeError, csv.Error and ValueError only
  at useful file/conversion boundaries. Do not use a blanket except clause.

Suggested flow
main()
    set console_active to True
    while console_active:
        print the menu
        collect and validate a choice
        dispatch to the selected service
        for option 10, set console_active to False
    print the exact closing message

Testing checklist
[ ] Menu appears first and matches the required text and order.
[ ] Non-integer text, 0, 11, and negative values show the exact error and
    prompt again without crashing.
[ ] Each option 1-9 calls its service and returns to the menu.
[ ] Recoverable service errors return to the menu.
[ ] Option 10 closes normally and prints the closing message exactly once.
[ ] No service closes the program; no exit() or break is used for closure.
